docs(changelog): UI Indicator for Out of Date Range in Insights (n8n 2.29) (#4977)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/release-notes/README.md

{% include "https://app.gitbook.com/s/GixZThfitWP21x2gQFpD/~/reusable/iFLUKG9zJaouigaM7IOo/" %}

> ### n8n 2.29 — UI Indicator for Out of Date Range in Insights
> 
> **Released:** 2026-06-30
> 
> You can now see contextual alerts in the Insights dashboard when your selected date range extends beyond your available execution data. You get a clear explanation of exactly what data is accessible given your retention policy.
> Insights surfaces one of three states depending on your selection. If the entire selected period falls outside your retention window, an alert tells you there is no data in that range. If only part of the range is covered, the alert indicates partial data and specifies the earliest available date so you can adjust accordingly. If your selection falls entirely within retained data, no alert appears and you can trust the results are complete. This is particularly useful when running reports over custom time windows, such as selecting "last 90 days" on an instance with a 30-day retention policy. The feature works across all plans and deployment types, and reflects whichever retention policy is configured on your instance, whether set by n8n on Cloud or configured directly on a self-hosted deployment.
> 
> Learn more in the [documentation](<https://docs.n8n.io/administer/observe-and-log/track-usage-with-insights#insights-dashboard>).
> 

Reviewer: Suggested rewrite to match the [changelog guidelines](https://app.notion.com/p/3915b6e0c94f80fcb89fde4b04132eec) and stay accurate to the [Insights docs](https://docs.n8n.io/administer/observe-and-log/track-usage-with-insights#insights-dashboard):

- Benefit-led, sentence-case heading (house style).
- Added the missing blank line so the two paragraphs render separately (currently they run together), and turned the three states into a numbered list.
- **Dropped the "works across all plans and deployment types" line** — the docs say the Insights dashboard is only on Pro/Business/Enterprise (and 90-day ranges are Enterprise). See my separate comment asking to confirm exact availability before we add an `**Availability:**` hint.
- Cleaned the docs link (removed the angle brackets).

```suggestion
### n8n 2.29 — Insights flags date ranges beyond your retained data

**Released:** 2026-06-30

The Insights dashboard now tells you when the date range you've selected reaches beyond the execution data your instance actually retains.

Insights shows one of three states for your selection:

1. If the whole period falls outside your retention window, an alert tells you there's no data in that range.
2. If only part of it is covered, the alert flags partial data and names the earliest available date so you can adjust.
3. If your selection sits entirely within retained data, no alert appears and you can trust the numbers are complete.

This is especially useful for custom windows, such as selecting the last 90 days on an instance that only retains 30. The indicator reflects whichever retention policy applies to your instance.

Learn more in the [Insights documentation](https://docs.n8n.io/administer/observe-and-log/track-usage-with-insights#insights-dashboard).

```
